Under construction! Work in Progress

 
Description

The Description text is displayed immediately after the token purchase widget. It is a good place for some warnings or bounty information.
Transaction data

It is an advanced feature. It can be required if your Crowdsale contract can not just accept Ether by send, but need some payable method to be called. Do not use if unsure.
The ICO crowdsale contract address

The ethereum address of your ICO crowdsale contract. It is the address EthereumICO plugin sends Ether to.

Read the steem whitepaper https://steem.io/steem-whitepaper.pdf

Steem is a blockchain database that supports community building and social interaction with cryptocurrency
rewards. Steem combines concepts from social media with lessons learned from building cryptocurrencies
and their communities. An important key to inspiring participation in any community, currency or free
market economy is a fair accounting system that consistently reflects each person’s contribution. Steem
is the first cryptocurrency that attempts to accurately and transparently reward an unbounded number of
individuals who make subjective contributions  to its community.
 
Crowdfunding with Ethereum https://www.ethereum.org/crowdsale
EthereumICO Plugin https://wordpress.org/plugins/ethereumico/

A protocol for permitting smart, social foreign money for publishers and content companies across the internet Introduction

AIWEB provides a scalable blockchain protocol 

For publicly accessible and immutable content material, along side a quick and charge-much less virtual token.

Which permits people to earn the Ethereum via the use of their mind.

Compared to different blockchains,

AIWEB could be the second publicly handy database for immutably saved content inside the form of undeniable text, along side an in-built incentivization mech- anism.

In the sphere of crypto-currencies, the precise residences of AIWEB make it both “Smart” and “Social“in comparison to others, including bitcoin and ether.

There is a pool of tokens devoted to incentivizing content creation and curation.

There is a  vote casting system that leverages the awareness of the crowd to evaluate the price of content and distribute tokens to it.

Proof-of- Brain positions AIWEB as a device for constructing continuously developing communities, which inspire their individuals to add price to the network through the constructed in rewards shape.

In addition to those improvements in blockchain and token generation, AIWEB as a gadget presents additional superior functions to beautify the user experience, inclusive of Stolen Account Recovery , escrow services, person promoted content, a popularity device, and financial savings money owed.
